what wave friends are we going to start with this
video or tutorial on how to put the
manzanita when putting touches on the
screen of our iphone any
generation there is no equal power of
any generation and for ipad after
put in another video for how to do it
well first we'll have to go like this day
and since it is in cydia we will have to go
to manage and add a new network
we wait for him to load
it's a bit slow but we're in charge
let's handle
you drive them
and from there we're going to
I do not know why it happens
Handles all other sources
edit factories
and add the rps republic
dotcom and add good since the
they have added they are going to look for
and there they look for winter boston
winter
do not install I recommend you leave not
it's only in settings
record
remember to install install any
anyone serves him less than the
blue letters because obsessive is where
charge them after they look for the same applets
tg
a place of music display records or
wait for me to upload my cydia data
little
I do not know why
because if with denis taludes and has
in front of him is for this but
previous conversions I do not know why
but good
once data is loaded
and we're leaving now good
the prestige of
music
they put it install and they put confirm
good since they have them downloaded
until it appears again
music for this place records
good since they have three
installed they leave we can go to settings
and here we are in the right we go and
displayport
and here is
where is the display
or maybe not
and here they are going to modify only
he says being apps puts him edwards
and here means if they do not put that they do not
will work and when they put those two
they will leave nothing else when giving
click as a little white circle nothing more
but if we want the tablets not
the manzanitas after that they go
winter board
very interior text
and they are in winterboard
they go to select
and here they are going to select good there
Many
the yellow has the dwelling
orange, black and physics is the
Only now they see when they click
they put install and they can repress me
I do not do it right now because if I do not observe
to finish the screen but being of
speed world will already restart your iphone or
ipod and they will have a good little manzanita
I hope you liked it I hope more
of the little hand up and comments by
please, no
it's not that they are not rude and
and me in this case
and me from norah so how do they help or if
something is missing something something wrong
please comment but without profanity
well this has been everything I am k says
donald thank you